README.md, before:

# Application - Serverless Camp ⚡
This repository will guide you through how to apply to the Bit Project [Serverless Camp](https://www.bitproject.org/serverless)!

## ❓ Huh? 
Here's a general overview of application into our serverless bootcamp.
1. Complete this [information form](LINK), so we can contact you if you get accepted :)
2. Use this repository to complete the required coding portion!

## 🌟 General Tips
- Each problem is formatted as an issue in GitHub. 
- Read each issue COMPLETELY
- Create a new branch to write your code
- Create a pull request to merge the branch you're working on onto `main`
- Only merge the pull request when the bot approves your changes
- If the bot says something went wrong, you can edit your code and commit again!

## 😀 How to use this repository
1. Click the green button in the upper-right corner with the text `Use this template`
2. Name your repository something interesting, such as `bitprj-is-the-best`
3. Wait for about 20 seconds for the repository to be created
4. Click into the `Issues` tab
5. Click `New issue`
6. Choose the `🚀 Start Course` issue, and click `Get started`
7. Click `Submit new issue`
8. Click on the `Issues` tab again to refresh the page
9. Click into the first issue, and get started :)

## 📖 Helpful Resources
- [Mozilla Developer Network (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- [How to use GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQsJR8ci3J0)
- What are [pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#:~:text=Pull%20requests%20let%20you%20tell,merged%20into%20the%20base%20branch.)?
- What are [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/)?
- What are [GitHub branches](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches)?

Commit message:

how to complete repo instructions

README.md, after:

# Application - Serverless Camp ⚡
This repository will guide you through how to apply to the Bit Project [Serverless Camp](https://www.bitproject.org/serverless)!

## ❓ Huh? 
Here's a general overview of application into our serverless bootcamp.
1. Complete this [information form](LINK), so we can contact you if you get accepted :)
2. Use this repository to complete the required coding portion!

## 🌟 General Tips
- Each problem is formatted as an issue in GitHub. 
- Read each issue COMPLETELY
- Create a new branch to write your code
- Create a pull request to merge the branch you're working on onto `main`
- Only merge the pull request when the bot approves your changes
- If the bot says something went wrong, you can edit your code and commit again!

## 😀 How to use this repository
1. Click the green button in the upper-right corner with the text `Use this template`
2. Name your repository something interesting, such as `bitprj-is-the-best`
3. Wait for about 20 seconds for the repository to be created
4. Click into the `Issues` tab
5. Click `New issue`
6. Choose the `🚀 Start Course` issue, and click `Get started`
7. Click `Submit new issue`
8. Click on the `Issues` tab again to refresh the page
9. Click into the first issue, and get started :)

## 📝 Once the first issue is created...
1. Read the instructions COMPLETELY
2. Complete steps listed in the instructions
3. Commit your code to the branch specified in the instructions
4. Create a pull request to merge the branch you are working on onto `main` (FIRST STEP ONLY: [draft the pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request), then mark it as ready for review)
5. If the bot approves your changes, there wil

## 📖 Helpful Resources
- [Mozilla Developer Network (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- [How to use GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQsJR8ci3J0)
- What are [pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#:~:text=Pull%20requests%20let%20you%20tell,merged%20into%20the%20base%20branch.)?
- What are [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/)?
- What are [GitHub branches](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches)?
