.bit/responses/max_nums.md, before:

## Max Numbers 📈
1. Create a new branch from `main` named `max`. 
2. Create a function `find_max()` that takes in an array as a parameter and returns the element with the maximum value in the array. 
3. Commit your code to the `max` branch. 
4. Create a pull request to merge the `max` branch onto `main`, and only merge the pull request when the bot approves your changes. 


### 🔨 Function Specs:
**Function name:** `find_max()`

**Arguments:**
- `arr` - the array that is passed into the `find_max` function

**Return:**
- the maximum element in the `arr` array

### 🧠 Resources:
- [For-loops](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for)
- Google


### 📝 Test your work:
⭐ if the array passed in is `[1, 78, 12, 2, 5, 10]`, the function should return `78`
⭐ if the array passed in is `[1, 2, 3, 3, -1]`, the function should return `3`

💡 Make sure to put the line `module.exports = find_max` at the end of your file so we can test your code!

Commit message:

specify which files to edit

.bit/responses/max_nums.md, after:

## Max Numbers 📈
1. Create a new branch from `main` named `max`. 
2. Create a function `find_max()` that takes in an array as a parameter and returns the element with the maximum value in the array. 
3. Commit your code to the `max` branch. 
4. Create a pull request to merge the `max` branch onto `main`, and only merge the pull request when the bot approves your changes. 

> ❗ for this step, edit the `max_nums.js` file

### 🔨 Function Specs:
**Function name:** `find_max()`

**Arguments:**
- `arr` - the array that is passed into the `find_max` function

**Return:**
- the maximum element in the `arr` array

### 🧠 Resources:
- [For-loops](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/for)
- Google


### 📝 Test your work:
⭐ if the array passed in is `[1, 78, 12, 2, 5, 10]`, the function should return `78`
⭐ if the array passed in is `[1, 2, 3, 3, -1]`, the function should return `3`

💡 Make sure to put the line `module.exports = find_max` at the end of your file so we can test your code!
